This necklace is so expensive.
Don't try to be a rascal!
You just got the cream for so many people.
You want to pay me for the necklace.
Oops, didn't I want to give Cher a breather?
Oh, dear.
My heart suddenly hurts, please explain it to him
Get out of here. I get mad when I see him
Don't worry, don't worry
I'll give him the money right away
Don't be angry don't be angry
Let's go to the world, let's have a meeting
I like people as generous as you
Don't worry, I'll be right back.
Everyone, eat and drink well.
He was lying just now.
Hey Song Qian, don't go
I just finished the math for you.
You probably had that fucking crooked look just now.
Scared me to death
Did he think we were breaking up?
The luck of coming to the scenery allowed him to accompany Qianqian
Accompanying my ashes to life and death
It seems that the old lady has to cook it herself
They were hilarious.
I think you should have just finished work
Stop
Mom
Why are you so young to dare to fight my daughter?